[API] credential patch documentation. (#82)
UnumID/UnumID.github.io: docs/api-overview.mdx

#### Response Body:

```typescript title="CredentialsDto"
{
  "email": string, // user's email address if provided
  "phone": phone, // user's phone number if provided
  "credentials": [{
    "id": string, // credential id
    "type": string, // credential type
    "data": Map<string, any> // credential data map that matches your provided data and the credential type's JSON Schema definition
    "issuanceDate": string, // when credential was created as a milliseconds since epoch unix timestamp
    "expirationDate?": string // when the credential expires as a milliseconds since unix epoch; optional

>     "status": 'valid' | 'revoked' // an enum to denote wether the credential ought to be invalidated; all credentials are consider valid upon issuance. Note: this is independent of the expirationData.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "status": 'valid' | 'revoked' // an enum to denote whether the credential is valid (all credentials are valid when first issued) — note that this is independent of the expirationDate
```

The created and issued credentials contains an `id` that you should store. You'll need this, for example, if you ever want to revoke the credential. **We recommend storing the entire credential, indexed on the credential `id`.** If you _only_ store the credential `id`, it'll be very difficult to later remember what the `id` corresponds to.

---

### Patch Credentials

> Patch a previously issued <Tip type="credential"/>.

**Method**: `PATCH` <br />
**Path**: `/credentials/{id}`

You can optionally provide all of the following:

1. (Optional) new credential data
2. (Optional) new credential expiration date
3. (Optional) new credential status

Credential data must comply with our credential [schema](/schema) definitions.

:::note
If a credential is expired but the status is 'valid' it is still an unusable credential. Likewise, if the credential as not expired but the status is 'revoked', it is still also not usable credential.
:::

:::info
Credential data is stored securely via a data privacy vault that encrypts and tokenizes the data. The data is only retrieved and decrypted for the brand that the <Tip type="user"/> agrees to share with.
:::

#### Request Body

```typescript
{

>   "data": Map<string, any> // credential data map that matches the credential type's JSON Schema definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "data": Map<string, any> // credential data map that matches the credential type's JSON schema definition
```

>   "expirationDate?": number // when the expires as a milliseconds since epoch unix timestamp; optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "expirationDate?": number // when the credentials expires as a milliseconds since epoch unix timestamp; optional
```

>   "status": 'valid' | 'revoked' // an enum to denote wether the credential ought to be invalidated; all credentials are consider valid upon issuance. Note: this is independent of the expirationData.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "status": 'valid' | 'revoked' // an enum to denote whether the credential is valid (all credentials are valid when first issued) — note that this is independent of the expirationDate
```

}
```

#### Response Body:

```typescript title="CredentialPatchDto"
{
  "id": string, // credential id
  "type": string, // credential type
  "data": Map<string, any> // credential data map that matches your provided data and the credential type's JSON Schema definition
  "issuanceDate": string, // when credential was created as a milliseconds since epoch unix timestamp

>   "expirationDate?": number, // when the expires as a milliseconds since epoch unix timestamp; optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "expirationDate?": number, // when the credential expires as a milliseconds since epoch unix timestamp; optional
```

>   "status": 'valid' | 'revoked' // an enum to denote wether the credential ought to be invalidated; all credentials are consider valid upon issuance. Note: this is independent of the expirationData.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "status": 'valid' | 'revoked' // an enum to denote whether the credential is valid (all credentials are valid when first issued) — note that this is independent of the expirationDate.
```

}
```

> The resultant credential `id` remains the same so that after a 200 HTTP response code is received nothing further needs to be updated on your end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resultant credential `id` remains the same, so after a 200 HTTP response code is received, nothing further needs to be updated on your end.
```
